# 14/01/2017

So, Day 2, I guess? Been an interesting day on the coding front today. What have I been up to? Well:

- I began to move the CSS and styling from the Tribute Page project I'm working on into a separate stylesheet, rather than including it in a style tag within the main HTML
- I installed [Atom](https://atom.io/). I had been using [Brackets](http://brackets.io/), but I was starting to look at Extensions and it seems that lots of people are dropping support for Brackets, for whatever reason. I liked Brackets, but figured I'd try something else. Since Atom was the first editor I'd thought about downloading months ago (plus it seems pretty popular!) I thought that I'd give it a try.
- I also spent an age trying to work out the theme I liked best and downloading a load of new fonts in an effort to get my editor to look like the one on the Atom homepage. It seems that I won't be able to get it spot-on as the font they use is Mac-only and I'm on a PC. Still, I've got it as close as I can and am pretty happy with the set-up now. Installed some useful looking extensions too!
- I've made some more notes on what I've learned so far. I bought a brilliant [pair of books that someone mentioned on Free Code Camp by a guy called Jon Duckett](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Web-Design-HTML-JavaScript-jQuery/dp/1119038634/ref=tmm_hrd_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=&sr=). He's got a book on HTML & CSS and one on Javascript and jQuery. I bought both as they looked amazing and so far they haven't disappointed. They're packed full of information and presented in a lovely way which is good for visual people like my other half. I'm just happy with information :) I'm working through the HTML & CSS book as I make my notes on what I've studied on FCC so far - it's helping a few things sink in and seems nice and complimentary.
- Since I'm writing a blog in Markdown, I was looking a little into that. I wasn't sure whether I should do one long file with all the entries in, or one file per entry. I was going to do the former, but I've come across mentions of magical things like Jekyll, Pixyll and more which would play nice with Github Pages. Technically, managing it via some sort of command line which is what Jekyll seems to require is a little beyond me at the moment, but it's still something to think about.

And what have I not done today? My Trello board. I'm a brilliant procrastinator and don't even know what I ended up doing last night to stop be doing the board. Unfortunately pretty much everything written above for today has been done in lieu of some work-based stuff I should have been doing. Had better get that done asap tomorrow and then I can get back to playing with code. Plus I should try and workout first thing. Aaargh damn the need for sleep!
