# 29/05/2017

Been chipping away bit by bit making teeny bits of progress. In the last couple of weeks I've gone through the first week of the CS50x course and today I submitted my solution to the p-set for Week 0. It's only a simple Scratch game, but you can see it [here](https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/163641177/).

I'm going to start on Week 1 tomorrow and also alternate doing some of that with going back to and starting to re-read the YDKJS books. I hadn't gotten far through the first one, but would like to do more.

I'm also thinking of joining one of [the Cohorts](https://chingu-cohorts.github.io/chingu-directory/) as this could be a good way to help me learn more. Right now though, I'm not sure on the Cohort I should apply for (Front-End vs Back-End) and I've also got concerns about my time. I might have some speaking events coming up in the next 3 months, potentially plus my surgery so I'm likely to be busy. But if it comes to it, I just need to stop watching so much Netflix! I could get so much done if not for the myriad of distractions on there. Made all the more difficult by the slew of new series coming out - and new House of Cards is out tomorrow so that'll definitely be me derailed for a few days.

Maybe I can also find some time in my lunchbreaks to sit down and do a little bit, even if it's only 20 or 30 minutes. Better than nothing! I also need to sit down and write a bit about my working through my Scratch game. It's surprisingly more complicated than it looks. For something that looks so "kiddy", it's surprisingly challenging.