# 19/02/2017

So it's been a month since I last coded anything. It's been a busy month, with speaking at a conference in Amsterdam last week and another event this coming Tuesday to prep for - that means all of my spare time has been spent working on slides and just generally stressing out about the amount I had given myself to do.

But no more! Hopefully from now on I'll have a bit more time to myself in the evenings and at weekends again so I can get back to my studying. While it feels like I've forgotten everything I've learned so far, I'm sure that's not true. I'll get back to practicing on FreeCodeCamp again and going through the Computer Science course plan I've taken from the forum.

Speaking of which, my Trello board is finished! It can be found here: [CS & Web Dev Comprehensive Study Path Template](https://trello.com/b/9AMPQVuP/cs-web-dev-comprehensive-study-path-template). I've tweaked the order of a few things slightly, just to suit me a little better. I've also bought a paid resource that wasn't on the list - well it sort-of was. One of the recommended bits of viewing is [JavaScript: The Weird Parts](https://youtu.be/Bv_5Zv5c-Ts to t), the first 3.5 hours of which can be found for free on that link to YouTube. So many people had recommended it as a resource, that when I saw it available for £10 from Udemy for the whole course, I thought it sensible to buy it.

I saw the recommendations for it on this post on the FCC Medium - I took some of the suggestions I've seen there and elsewhere and combined them into a dedicated ["Learning JS" card on my Trello board](https://trello.com/c/PX8Dd6Qb). It's in the Electives list as the order isn't strictly as suggested, but most of the items themselves are part of the recommended curriculum. I just wanted to group them all into one place.

So I'm ready! I need to get back to doing at least 30 minutes a day with Khan Academy to bring my maths back up to scratch and crack on with the CS50x Intro to Computer Science course that I've enrolled on with edX. I also want to finish making notes from the bits of the FCC Frontend Certification that I've done already, such as Bootstrap and the tiny bit of jQuery. Then it'll be on with JavaScript properly, which I'm quite excited about. I'm such a nerd!
